This is Ty Doepping and Mason Elizondo's senior design project where we focused on designing a web application through the Django framework. We used Django to design our web app and a Postgresql Database to support the web app. Through hosting on AWS we have found a way for future students to be able to freely host their projects for school courses. AWS is hosting the database through RDS and hosting the web app through EC2 which has been completely free and even allows us to set a budget limit of $1 to mitigate risk of ever being charged. We are aware of 2 bugs that are unresolved. When creating an account there is an error received where it claims userbets table has a PK of 1 that already exists and needing to refresh the webpage to update the chipcount at the top of the screen. For the userbets error in account creation it is only a redirect error, so the account is still created and can be logged into it just does not redirect the user to the roulette game on its own. The chipcount refresh has something to do with the page updating before the actual database updates and it grabs the old chipcount first before updating the page. Both of these errors are room for improvement on our design. For general testing for functionality or just to enjoy our game please create an account and go to the login page to actually log in. Please use generic information and not a sensitive password as this is not an https site and does not hide your password during transmission to the database although the database does hash passwords in case of a data breach. 
